1314 New Bid Schema Documentation (#1340)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/concepts/serialization-standard.md

The actual transformation performed while executing a deploy. It serializes as a single `u8` value indicating the type of transform performed as per the following table. The remaining bytes represent the information and serialization as listed.

| Transform Type | Serialization | Description |
| -------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| Identity       | 0             | A transform having no effect, created as a result of reading from the global state. |
| Write          | 1             | Writes a new value in the global state. |
| AddInt32       | 2             | Adds the given [`i32`](#clvalue-numeric). |
| AddUInt64      | 3             | Adds the given [`u64`](#clvalue-numeric). |
| AddUInt128     | 4             | Adds the given [`U128`](#clvalue-numeric). |
| AddUInt256     | 5             | Adds the given [`U256`](#clvalue-numeric). |
| AddUInt512     | 6             | Adds the given [`U512`](#clvalue-numeric). |
| AddKeys        | 7             | Adds the given collection of [named keys](#namedkey). |
| Failure        | 8             | A failed transformation, containing an error message. |

> | Prune          | 9             | Removes the pathing to the global state entry of the specified key. The pruned element remains reachable from previously generated global state root hashes, but will not be included in the next generated global state root hash and subsequent state accumulated from it. |

Reviewer: What about simplifying this one a bit?

```suggestion
| Prune          | 9             | Removes the pathing to the global state entry of the specified key. The pruned element remains reachable from previously generated global state root hashes, but will not be included in the next generated global state root hash and subsequent states. |
```
